At 1701977000, I am now starting to write the second taks “2.       Characterise Queenie” (Page 1 line eleven) of the writing part of the English exam we recived at 1699612200

To me handed and now laing in front of me is an exerp of a story, which turned out to be from a novel eventought we wouldn’t have had this Information while working on this During the exam. 
The novel was writen by Candice Carty-Williams, published in 2019 and is carying the title Queenie which it shares with the protagonist of the story. 

The extract of the book deals with Queenei who is (has been) at her boyfrinds mother's, viv’s, 60th birthdayparty playing cluedo, a murder mystory game (line negative two and line 16) whilst being in the living room in the boyfrinds families home. (Line hegativ two) Where she is facing a racist remark by the uncle of said Boyfrind. (Line one and line twelve) When nether Tom, her boyfrind, nor enyone else stand up for but rather just condone and devend it, she gets angry and runs off. 


Not much information about Queenie’s outward apearince is given in the citation, nevertheless there are a fiew deatels provided like her being a young, black, a woman and from graeat britin. These Charakteristics of her are stated bevore the actual quotation even started in line negative two.   
Other information are mentiond as well, such as Tom’s family living in a province where it is relativly quiet when it is dark. (line 34)
In addition to that we also lear about the fact that she has quit smoking a long time ago “and I’d given up smoking ages ago”(Line 29).


Wilst there is not much information about her outward resemblince there are a lot more information about her inward apearince 
In line 34 and 35 she says she isn’t used to the silencce of the “Provincial solince” indicating that she is probably living in a biger city with a lot of noise. She then continios by folowing up with the statment that swhe need sirens and nois from cars passing by, which further strengthens my point. 
Line 22 “why have you always got to take this so sereus” and line 30 “Why would Tom never stand up for me” indicate that it probably isn’t the first time for Queenie to be affected by racist remarks by someone, causing her to feel hurt wilst Tom won’t support her.
In line 32 and 33 we also get to know some mor deateles about Tom. We see her wishing for an “Interratial dating book” in correlation to talking about Tom bevore hand, this leads to the asumtion that her boyfrind is in fakt not black, hence making them an interatcial couple.
Line 34 and 35 alowe us to ausume that she is not living in a rural erea, but rather in an urban erea. In line 34 and 35 she says she isn’t used to the „Provincial solince“ indicating that she is probably living in a biger city with a lot of noise. She then continios by folowing up with the statment that swhe need sirens and nois from cars passing by, which further strengthens my point. 

In line 36 and onward we figure out her abbility to self refect obout  her actions and behavior. This becomes clear after she asks hersef if it hadn't been better for everybody involfed if she had just suverd silintly.

---
<del>Going to the emotional situations Queenie is going through as stated by the hereby attached text. Her initial reaction after the racist remark has been made can be seen in the lines 3 onward till 13. When Steven replied to Queenie's reaction, it may be assumed that she is overly political towards topics which may include racism from his barked reply "Come on, don't be so politically correct […]", in line 3 to 4, but later in the exerpt this assumption can be falsified to that he is the one who tries to claim being right.

Queenie somewhat yelles at Tom for him to react to her opinion, which he tries to ignore the first few times, as in line 6 up to 8.  

Even when her boyfriend tries to calm her down in the line 11 she tries to rectify her opinion that Stevens remark is racist by pointing out the remark his uncle made (line 9-10). This whole passage shows that this topic is a serious one for her, because of which she tries to not feel left alone and surrounded by racism.

Later when Queeny rushed out of the living room, because she tried to flee the situation, in line 14, she knockes dowm Vivians birthday cake which she knowlingly steps on after getting mor enegative remarks from Toms uncle. This can be read in the lines 17 to 21. The fact that she tries to outrun the situation which led to more situations, which she tried to leave from in the first place, shows the constant pressure created by people makes her feel so insecure about her own opinion that she can't take a stand all by herself. This missing secrurity forces her to run from her feelings in some way because she is forced by others to be the way she is now.</del>







