### **Who am I and if how many?**
Hello my dear readers, my name is Max, and I am one of *the corner student*. Today, I want to talk about the question “*Who am I and if how many?*” and with that welcome back to another entry in the *corner blog*.

The current generation does not have it easy. There are many problems that today's youth needs to be concert about. Only a few of the concerns of the young people are peer pressure, difficulties in school, issues in social networks and bullying, which is now more relevant than ever due to bullying being no longer only bound to physical interactions between people but rather stretching into the digital realm as well.<sup>[1]</sup>

One dilemma which they young people have to face is peer pressure. Peer pressure is when a group of people, possibly even your friends, tries to persuade and force you into doing something you don't want by saying things like: 
“oh but every one (here) does it!”, “but it is cool to do (so / that)”, “It is just (once / a bit)”, or “It won't hurt you”.
The best thing that you can do in such a situation is to stand your ground and say no to whatever they wanted and in case of your friends I want to mention that if they really are your friend they would understand and accept your opinion.

Another Especially big issue is bullying, which affects more people than you may think. According to Pacer's *National Bullying Prevention Center* one out of every five students has personally experienced being bullied before. In a classroom with thirty students, that would mean that about six of them have been bullied before. In the past it was that you would be safe when you got home, but now you can still be bullied even in the four walls of your home, which makes it even worse for people effected by bullying. <sup>[2]</sup>

I wrote in the beginning that I would like to talk about “Who am I and if how many?” and it is that second part that is important to me right now because you are not alone, there are many people going through the same troubles as you do and then there are others who are willing to help them if you ask them for it and there may even be more than you think there are. If there is something you need help with or want to talk about with someone you can probably talk to your friends about it and count on them helping you and listening to you and if you don't want to talk to a friend then you could talk about it with a teacher or with your parents. And if you feel like you have to go through something on your own because you don't have anyone to talk to right now, then I would suggest you to ask on the internet ether in a forum or maybe even in the comment section underneath this blog.  

To give you some final thoughts
I know it may not be easy, but you will make it through it even if it may not seem that way and I wish you all the luck with that. 

Until next time
yours sincerely
Corner student Max, Norderstedt [13<sup><font color="#f79646">th</font></sup>september 2023]

#### Source
<sup>[1]</sup>Verywell family: Amy Morin, LCSW – 10 Social Issues and Problems That Trouble Today's Teens (2022) URL: https://www.verywellfamily.com/startling-facts-about-todays-teenagers-2608914 (last time accessed on 09.21.2023)

<sup>[2]</sup>Pacer: National Bulliyng Prevention Center URL: https://www.pacer.org/bullying/info/stats.asp (last time accessed on 09.21.2023)

---
<input type="text" id="fname" name="fname" style="font-family:sans-serif;font-size:1.2em;" style="color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);"placeholder="comment" class="custom-input"> 

<button style="font-family:sans-serif;font-size:1.2em;"> Submit </button>

 ---










#### <u>Ideas</u>
> Social Media Issues
> 
> Bullying
> Cyberbullying
> 
> Perpresure
> 	> Drugs / Alcohol / Smoking // Vaping
> 	> 
> Academic problems
> 
> and if how many?
> 	> Unity / solidarity / cohesion
> 	> we are not allone and can / shoud hold together
> 
> 
> 
